hi guys it's Kay I'm back with another
video and today I'm going to be
reviewing my Michaela rakia cosplay that
I was sponsored by cosplay Skye and I
hope you enjoy I'm gonna go for pros and
cons and even put on the costume and
show you how to put it on and some of
the defaults that come along with it so
I'm starting off with a binder that I
got from binder works about a few years
ago so it gives me a flat chest but the
packaging it came pretty clean and also
with my custom measurements that I sent
them by email this is the first article
clothing which is Micaela's dress shirt
and it is very very it fits very well as
you can see it's very tight fit there's
no loose and it fits my arm length
perfectly and along with my torso it
comes down a little bit to my hip but
that's alright next is the pants and
they come with like elastic bands on the
sides so it can fit anybody's personal
body they're pretty big for me but
that's alright another thing that comes
with it is the button hole is really
tight so it doesn't fit well and again
the pants are very baggy and they're
very loose so they'll be difficult when
I try to put on my thigh highs this is
Michaela's emblem and it's made pretty
cheaply I would say I'm not too happy
but it does the job well it comes with a
paper clip attachment and you just pin
it right in I just switched my regular
white pants so I make the boots that I
put on easier they are just my thigh
highs with some boots that I have
they're just a substitute for now
anyway I'll start off with the jacket
and as you can see there's like a little
loose end right at the top and the
emblem on the side is also really nice
plus the buttons are the buns all around
are pretty loose in the torso there will
be a button in the inside so that the
inside of the torso won't won't slip
down which is what I really like about
it again like my dress shirt it comes
with a with my custom custom
measurements that I sent in it fits in
really well here's just a close-up of
the stitching so that's what the full
jacket looks like and I'm pretty happy
with it
the quality is very nice and has the
deep shoulder pads so it's hard to move
my arms up but I guess that's the style
so it doesn't really bother me next our
McKayla's little hip thingies they come
with two buns on the side and crisp and
you crisscross them with the top to the
bottom I don't really know if there's a
specific order I just do it
and there you have it
another thing is the belt it is pretty
thin material so I hope it won't break
or wear down soon but it goes right
through the straps and they don't fall
at all I'm pretty happy with that
doesn't bother me and there you go
I'm on a rotating chair because I'm too
short for the camera
and here's a little bit of a better
picture anyway here's the cloak and it
comes with a skull emblem and I'm pretty
sure that's not what it is in the anime
but I still find it as a cool touch
another thing is Michaela's ring and
they're quite heavy they're not like
they're not as cheap as you think they
are they feel pretty um stiff and heavy
in the cloak
it has shoulder pads so it makes my
shoulders pretty broad it doesn't bother
me I feel like it's just a style but
it's nice i thing that confused me on
the cloak is how to put it on it there's
really no attachment to it besides the
bow of the only thing I could think of
is tying the bow but I wouldn't want to
do that so I might install my own pin
right there
and here's just a bottom view of it and
how long it goes it goes pretty low
especially when I have my heels on
pretty nice for a cape I'm sure I'll get
really hot since I live in Florida
here are the gloves they don't have like
a pin on the bottom of the wrist so it
does sag down and fall off though these
are very not great gloves I prefer to
use my own as such in the pictures that
I've posted on my Instagram and they
work just fine so the gloves unless you
don't have them I just bought cheap
$0.99 one from eBay
and here's another full-body of my
jacket I really like the color it's not
like a pure white so it doesn't like
wash out your face it the off spray is a
really nice touch
anyway the pros of this is the decent
shipping the nice quality the
comfortable and soft fabric the really
amazing custom fit and the communication
that I received some cons were the baggy
pants the type on holes some of the
loose buttons the thin belt emblem
quality and loose gloves I would give an
overall 4 out of 5 stars for cosplay sky
thank you for watching subscribe and
like for more thank you again for your
support some upcoming videos that I'll
also upload soon will be makailah via
Kia's makeup tutorial along with other
characters another thing I will upload
soon is how to get long and thick
voluptuous hair into a short wig comment
below which one I should upload first
thank you